This was my first job and my first manager, Heather her name was, I remember I went to have a career conversation with her. That same thing I want to tell you today you will all have different careers. Nobody can guide you in your career, but there are career perspectives. He also headed the sales function at Dexleur Information Solutions to provide strategic direction in building the company. He holds a postgraduate degree in Information Systems and International business. We are a young generation and by we, I don't mean as we in general. And we know it's an age of media blitz and we have this information overload. In this age, how does one hone and retain one's own individuality and one's own perspective and hold our own ground, be authentic? So I think there's a time where you need to know I have to stop. And so when you know who you really are and you know what are the values that are going to drive you, you will be able to take decisions based on your values. It might sound cliche, it might sound really theoretical, but really it works. We'll talk a little bit about skill sets now this group is naturally very excited about everything to do with tech and mobile and the web and these are platforms that are similar to you at Udacity. I mean, I would rate that even above having solid tech skills. Otherwise it's always a unidirectional implementation that you're doing. So from the banking industry to the oil industry, new technologies are being used to develop new platforms that need to be serviced by a lot of technology companies in India to maintain and manage these companies technology infrastructure. We have frameworks that are very, very popular in terms of usage like NodeJS and AngularJS. And we're sort of monitoring these skills day in and day out to be relevant also in terms of matching people to jobs, that is so powerful. Okay, so then we'll do a round of questions and then open up to questions. Anson, we spoke a little bit about technical skills and what is the gap that we want to bridge between a career that you want and what the industry needs at this point in time? So a career that I want for myself as a student and something that the industry wants currently, in this day and age, how should I keep myself relevant? And from all the conversations I've had with hundreds of thousands of students, now, one of the biggest things they say is, I like confidence. But the issue is not really confidence, the issue is exposure. And I understand that there are some people who might really need the money right after you pass out. You bring two unconnected things and you bring them together. You've got to make that as part of your decision making criteria to say, is this what I want to do? And when you're defining it and I can tell you, when I was doing those three jobs, it was primarily wallet, but because I had to pay my bills, right? From a work ethic standpoint, from being at work at 09:00 in the morning and finishing up at 03:00 a.m. Sometime, it just made me a lot more solid about what I wanted to do. Within a year and a half of them, I was just fresh out of college, right? So I mean, there's a lot of importance around choosing your path, that one path which will lead you somewhere. And in the spirit of experimentation, all of you mentioned this and in the presentations from the morning today, I remember this group has plans to help anyone from panvalas to putting somebody on the moon, right? So I think at the end of the day, each one of us are either trying to solve a problem or trying to fulfill a need. And whenever a developer tries to work on something, eventually that is what you're working on. Eventually what solution it will bring to them is what is important. It might be just a change in the process or the way the small business owner might be doing things. Technology might just be like a coincidental thing to that solution. And I'm sure you know, a lot of our interviewing processes also are evolving for this. Simplicity is exactly I mean, I ended up interviewing all the developers who come as candidates and the conversations which show that developers have a product thinking and they have that approach, they are the ones who eventually do make it so very important only by talking to the customer. But even as a fresher, what should you showcase on your resume? We do process of manual labeling also so you can classify properly. And one of the things that we use as markers, we have five definitive markers, which is demographic information, which could be age correlating to experience location, industry correlating to company skills, which is a broad term for a competency, a discipline, a principle, a methodology, a plan and output of function and ability, a trait. And this goes back to the conversation that we were just having, saying that can you develop as you're going through this process, anything that you can put your learning to practice with? And you're at the same university, probably have the same grades. It's going to be defining for you because a lot of other people are very good at it or suck at it. So that for a sales engineering position that we were talking about, my product head will interview. My head of Data Science joined us as a fresher by head of Data Science. No, it means that our employment I don't call it a resume, but our employment history should be so multifaceted. One thing very quickly from each of you that you would do differently or you wish would have been different. So I would rather have more experiential learning rather than just sticking to the classroom and following some curriculum which was created maybe another 25 years back, plus one to that. So what I would do is what I would love to do is just for all of you to go back and say, what are the things? And if you will start that right now, it just makes you more wholesome as an individual. There might be a similar answer, but the question is, as you mentioned, the art of knowing where to stop. Now, in today's world, there are millions of billions of such resources. You won't be consumed by it because you're doing something in pieces and you'll do it well by paralleling it with experimenting and learning and experimenting. So I've been told we have time for two more questions, but our guests will be here for the evening, so you can always ask them. And let me tell you, I had the privilege of studying in one of the best universities in the world. Because when you know what you want to do, and you might not know that at 20, there are some people who are privileged to know that at 20 they've just hit their calling and they're on it. So going through that grueling path, but the sensible guys know what the stop is, right? You're knowing how to pace yourselves and that's a choice that you make. You've heard of StrengthsFinder by Gallup, and that will at least give you direction.