Hi dear C, how are you doing? 15 years ago seems like a long time. I was an electrical engineer. This was my first job and my first manager, Heather her name was, I remember I went to have a career conversation with her. Have you heard of the term career conversation? Yes, it was a long time ago and I had no idea what a career conversation is. So I went there and I said hello, tell me, what should my career be like? What's your career like? And I still remember something she told me. She said, and it still stays with me. She said every career is like a snowflake Vashali. Your career will be very different from mine. That same thing I want to tell you today you will all have different careers. Some of you will have careers like mountaineering, some of you will climb mountains, which means that it will be difficult, but you will reach great heights. Some of you might explore the woods, which means you might discover a lot of things and have a lot of fun along the way. Nonetheless, I realized that there's no career guidance. Nobody can guide you in your career, but there are career perspectives. And that is why before we wrap up the day, I want you to meet three such amazing people who've had different careers. Some in the field that you will pursue, some not in the field that you will pursue. Let's hear from them and get you a little bit of career perspective. First familiar name, Mr. Anson. Ben. You know Anson already. You had a great session with him in the morning. That was very engaging. Right. Ready to hear about his career, his thoughts, his guidance? Yes. Let me tell you a little bit more about him before we do that. He has a breadth of experience spanning over 18 years across the globe and this includes executive coaching, training, running largescale operations, corporate quality consulting and culture for companies within and outside the Fortune 500 like Barclays, ANZ, HSBC, InMobi Inc and more. One very interesting fact is he was the architect behind in movie's culture code called am I yaviyo yaviyo. And In Movie is known to have one of the best corporate cultures in the world. One of the best in the country. In the country. So he's the architect behind that. He was also executive director for Inc. Which brought Ted to India. A little bit of the brilliance you saw on stage already. Currently he's the executive coach to CEOs and senior execs. He's a trainer, he's a storyteller and he just finished a major project on a coffee table book for InMobi which is a collection of short stories for Immobians and InMobi depicting their ten year journeys. Please give a huge and next up, you'll also love this dignitary. Please welcome Miss Shikha Gupta. Shikha is a product lead at Udacity. She has close to ten years experience across online product management marketing and management consulting. She has six years of experience specifically in the online product management space. Currently, she's the leading web and mobile product she is leading web and mobile product for the India region of Udacity. She has previously worked with makematrip across four different products on both web and mobile platforms. So you should definitely be in her good books, don't you think? Definitely. She has done her MBA from ISB Hyderabad. And she has a Be in Information technology from Nitaji Subash Institute of Technology, Delhi. And finally, next up on stage, we have mr. Arjun Patav, CEO and founder of Edge Networks. Hi Arjun. Welcome. Arjun is the founder and CEO at Edge Networks. Ed Networks has a vision to build futurefocused HR technology solutions focused on helping organizations solve their toughest talent acquisition and workforce optimization challenges. He's a published author and speaker in India. Prior to Edge Networks his work with organizations such as Speed Era Networks and Akamai Technologies where he was responsible for building India and international businesses. He also headed the sales function at Dexleur Information Solutions to provide strategic direction in building the company. He holds a postgraduate degree in Information Systems and International business. From the University of Sydney, Australia, please welcome Mr. So, we're going to see this part of the conversation here. Up you guys. We start with Ansen Anson. Tell us. We are a young generation and by we, I don't mean as we in general. We also we also young at heart generation. And we know it's an age of media blitz and we have this information overload. All of us are on social media and we have news channels bombarding at our information at any point. And if you have to take a decision there's so much information out there. In this age, how does one hone and retain one's own individuality and one's own perspective and hold our own ground, be authentic? That's a very difficult question. The answer is not easy either. I think a couple of things that we need to do is first when there is an information overload, the first thing is just stop the overload. We need to know when to stop. I'm way older than you all and I still am not able to get onto Facebook and get off in five minutes. If I see this is just this one video I need to watch. I've never been able to do that. So I don't go onto Facebook. I mean, I think I go once in two months if I have to. So I think there's a time where you need to know I have to stop. That's the first thing. And the other thing is I think this might sound really cliche but I have realized it's so important and that is you've got to know who you are. You've got to be able to figure that one out. Now, it's never too early to do that exercise to really figure out who you are and it's never too late to start. And so when you know who you really are and you know what are the values that are going to drive you, you will be able to take decisions based on your values. It might sound cliche, it might sound really theoretical, but really it works. And nothing which I learned in B school was one of my professors taught me. It really stuck with me. She said majority is never right and we used to always grown in this mentality saying that if more people are saying it, it might be right. But what you've learned is it's more often than not it's the smaller group that's probably right. So there are some things that you need to know if you really can stay with your values and not get swayed by what's the majority of saying. I think it just helps in some form. I think that's what it is. It won't always be easy because if there is a crowd that it's the wisdom of the crowd but it can be a trap as well. Absolutely. Stay true to yourself guys. That's what Anthony is sending us to do. Absolutely. Thank you for that Shikha. We'll talk a little bit about skill sets now this group is naturally very excited about everything to do with tech and mobile and the web and these are platforms that are similar to you at Udacity. Are there any obvious skill sets or any trends currently that you think our generation should have? This particular group should have to make great careers for themselves in that space. I think first and foremost you have to be a problem solver and be analytical. I mean, I would rate that even above having solid tech skills. So I personally enjoyed working with those developers who could question me back not just implementing what I was telling them but also asking questions, relevant questions and analyzing before just going ahead with the execution. So I think being a problem solver really helps and that also brings different perspectives to the table. Otherwise it's always a unidirectional implementation that you're doing. So from that perspective, these two skills and obviously the web development and the mobile development skills I wouldn't really go into details, I think that is all out there. Those skills are important but there's a third aspect which I would say is important now, which is from a very future looking perspective which is also knowing more about say machine learning AI stuff which is emerging and which will have implication on both mobile and web development. So mobile and web development will always remain the way to talk to the end users but then what goes on behind? There's a lot of machine learning AI stuff which is sparring our web and mobile applications. So I think not maybe having complete a specialization in these areas but then being up to date with what is happening and having a general understanding of that is something which will really give a lot of leverage to the developers. Awesome. And I'll come to AI and machine Learning in a minute. But I also want to mention you said the art of asking questions is important in interviews that you've taken there. And you also mentioned that it's important to ask the tough questions. It's important to have the unpopular opinion sometimes. At Google also we have something like this. We always look for people who question the status quo, who won't simply take it for what it is and will question how it is done and that will lead to how it can be done better. So I think a trend of courage is definitely emerging in what poor, as you said now to HR and Machine Learning Edge networks. Arjun is at the cutting edge of HR automation. Are there any trends that you have noticed in the type of skill sets that, let's say, the talent industry or the recruiters or hiring managers are looking for when they come to you for solutions on HR automation? So there are a couple of things. One is that? I'm just coming fresh off Prime Minister Modi launching the future skills platform in NASCOM. Right. The Leadership Forum. And the whole thing is about 55 new job roles that are very relevant to I don't think they would have known about future skills. If you want. Yeah, absolutely. The thing is that and I think I'll give you a bit of background to help all of us understand it. We are going through a digital transformation as a country, right? And the biggest evolver in that is the It services industry who's trying to keep pace with the new demands that their customers have. So the Ubers, the Googles, the Facebooks of the world are defining new technologies and companies like Citibank and Barclays and Halliburton are adopting these technologies. So from the banking industry to the oil industry, new technologies are being used to develop new platforms that need to be serviced by a lot of technology companies in India to maintain and manage these companies technology infrastructure. Now those technologies are so new for us. So you can think of DevOps, you can think of UIUX design, you can think of software developers looking different now because you're talking about full stack engineer, right? You're talking about a mean stack engine. And what does that mean in terms of a competency framework to develop? So you have one sort of word that's beaten to death, which is AI, and you have machine learning where you have a demand right now of 4000 professionals that are required and we don't have them. It is alarming at a level where we have so much talent, but we have to keep the pace. And that's where I think we as a company, because the job that we do is we provide an AI based technology platform to match people to jobs internally to these services companies. So we are reallocating people within the business with competency frameworks that are dynamic. So we understand what a full stack Engineer is, what a mean stack Engineer is, what Node, JS and AngularJS is, how it's trending. So we have like a hype cycle. So we know certain skills that are continuing to be popular, like Java, JavaScript and SQL. We have uptrending skills like PHP, Python and NodeJS. We have frameworks that are very, very popular in terms of usage like NodeJS and AngularJS. But you also have shrinking demand for a C. Hash and C, right? You have databases that are still popular, like MySQL and SQL Server, and you have no SQL databases like Cassandra and MongoDB. Right? We see that and we provide this information to these customers to see up trending, mid trending, and down trending skills. And the reason why we're doing this, so that we can connect to say, Udacity or content providers like Udacity, which are Coursera and Udemy and Google Books and Canvas, and make sure that people like you learn what's relevant based on what you're interested in. Right? So connecting the dots is about transformation also of talent to what's relevant. And I think that's where we are playing that's about future skills. And what NASCOM is trying to do is to build a platform that people can learn through these future skills that are required by the industry and connect the dots in terms of learning so they're able to get a job, they're able to be gainful at that moment in time that they want to be gainful. And as soon as you want to get a job, I'm sure that Portal is going to be open for consumption. So that's what we think. And we're sort of monitoring these skills day in and day out to be relevant also in terms of matching people to jobs, that is so powerful. I think nobody now is going to sit down and make a list of competencies or skill sets every year. Gone are those days. Now artificial intelligence will tell us, machine learning will then pick those up and tell us what are the trends that are so relevant, may not have been relevant last year, relevant this year. And that is the sort of industry that you will be stepping into. Thank you for that. Let's see, can I see a show of hands if you have questions right now for any of the panelists? Just a shorthand for now. Okay, one. That's it. Okay, so then we'll do a round of questions and then open up to questions. Is that okay? Anson, we spoke a little bit about technical skills and what is the gap that we want to bridge between a career that you want and what the industry needs at this point in time? Tell us, what is your overall advice to a current A student who wants to bridge this gap? So a career that I want for myself as a student and something that the industry wants currently, in this day and age, how should I keep myself relevant? What's your advice to currently students? So, I mean, I think one of the most important things is to I think one of the most important needs for young people is exposure. And from all the conversations I've had with hundreds of thousands of students, now, one of the biggest things they say is, I like confidence. I like confidence. But the issue is not really confidence, the issue is exposure. If you're exposed to a lot of things, your confidence automatically goes. You cannot just build confidence, you know what I mean? So you got to get exposed to different things. So therefore, I think what's important is to just go out and one of the things I would strongly recommend is don't just go and work for money, just go work for free, but work with one of the best people in the country or in that industry. Just find who is the best and go and say, sir, ma'am, can I work for free? I come and do something for free. A lot of people who go there and with that passion, they end up working for those people for money later. So find who those people are. And I understand that there are some people who might really need the money right after you pass out. You might need to support your parents, whatever. But even in that case, don't choose between which is going to pay me more and which is going to pay me less. Just choose because you're young right now. Choose what is just enough to get you by and then figure out what's going to really catapult you forward. So that's one of the things I would say. And then right now, you're not working. I would just say, go and be involved in so many different groups that's possible. There are meetups just because you're an engineer, don't just go and be involved in engineering meetups or engineering startups. No, I mean, go and find out what's happening in art. Go and find out what's happening in design. Go and find out what's happening in sports, because that's what makes you a wholesome individual. Because I guarantee there are so many people who have said that creativity is not some skill, it's just connecting unconnected dots. You bring two unconnected things and you bring them together. Creativity happens and your best ideas will happen when you can take two things which are not normally connected and you bring them together. So if you're an engineer and you love something and you can't figure out what's happening in sports, you can't figure out what's happening in biotech or art, you might find it a great idea that as an engineer, you can bring into the world of art and there you have your next startup idea. So don't just get stuck to that area right now. Go wide and then go deep later. That's one of the things I would say. I'll get a few thoughts from both of you also on this. Do you feel this is also something that employers are looking for in the industry? In my opinion, just to jump in there, because I graduated in commerce. I did a bachelor's in commerce. Right. I worked in a music production company, which is not there. And that then it was conveniently left out. Yes, but those are the interesting parts, which I can tell you about. I worked in a grocery store, right? I worked seven days a week for an entire year, which meant that no days off. I worked in a grocery store, I worked in a clothes store, and I worked in an It company. Right. This kind of exposed me to a lot of things, different things with different people, because I was working weekends, I was working nights, and I was working during the day, and I was doing three different types of jobs. That really drove me nuts, but was a fantastic foundation for me to understand what I wanted to do because I was meeting different kinds of people. Right? One of the things that I urge you to sort of think about is authenticity. Just be authentic about what you want. And that goes back to what you were saying about being real, about what job you choose and not using money as a criteria. Money is important, right? It's just hard wallet in mind, and I learned this at Google wallet can be the most important, right? But you've got to have heart and mind involved in it. You've got to make that as part of your decision making criteria to say, is this what I want to do? And when you're defining it and I can tell you, when I was doing those three jobs, it was primarily wallet, but because I had to pay my bills, right? I had to pay rent and electricity and food and clothes and all of that at the same time. So I didn't know what I was doing. It was like a spinning wheel. But you know what? From a work ethic standpoint, from being at work at 09:00 in the morning and finishing up at 03:00 a.m. Sometime, it just made me a lot more solid about what I wanted to do. It made me discover myself. It made me appreciate what my calling was. I worked in startups, and I had a choice in my first startup to be part of a management buyout. Within a year and a half of them, I was just fresh out of college, right? I chose not to because I just couldn't handle the insecurity of being an employer of buying that company. And I wouldn't have a salary or I would have nothing or minimum salary. I just couldn't handle it. So I said I'll be an employee. So that's not wrong, right? You have to understand that this cool environment of saying startup and be an entrepreneur and do all of that. There's a lot of pain there that one has to go through, right? There's a lot of craziness that you have to go through and you need to understand there are different things for different people and choose wisely, think about these things, speak to peers, speak to mentors, have a mentor ecosystem. And I think talking to people that can leverage their experience back into your path is going to be very defining for you guys. So these are my two cent, more than two cent, but you can go. I think iteration is also important. So I mean, there's a lot of importance around choosing your path, that one path which will lead you somewhere. I mean, it should be okay to change that path somewhere if you feel that this is not your calling or when you experiment with something else and you find it more interesting. So it should be just OK to leave behind what you've already done and get started on the other one. So that escalation of commitment kind of a buyer should not be there. Be courageous enough to try anything new that might interest you. So keep experimenting and trying to figure out what is good for you. I mean, there's no one single path. There might not be one single path. There might be multiple things you might want to do. Awesome. And in the spirit of experimentation, all of you mentioned this and in the presentations from the morning today, I remember this group has plans to help anyone from panvalas to putting somebody on the moon, right? Is he here? Hi. So you have a lot of big plans. Giga, let's stay with you for a bit. Tell us this as a student community, as you're stepping into a corporate world or a business world or into the industry in general, how do you carve a space out for yourself? What is it that as students currently this group can give back to the community? May be a small business owner, maybe an astronaut. Why should a small business owner listen to today's student community? What sort of skill sets do they bring to the table or what do they bring to the table, you think? So I think at the end of the day, each one of us are either trying to solve a problem or trying to fulfill a need. And whenever a developer tries to work on something, eventually that is what you're working on. So what these small business owners or people out there might value in you is your capability to understand their problem, relate to their problem and then devise a solution to that problem. So I think as individuals we are quite fixated with glorifying. Whatever we know, we somehow feel that if we are developers, then the app or the website that we generate is an end. But we have to understand that is a means to an end and not really the end. And that is true for, say, a small business owner as well. For them, tech will solve a problem. The tech itself is not what is important. Eventually what solution it will bring to them is what is important. So you have to just relate to their problems better. You have to understand their need better. That should be your conversation starter and icebreaker when you approach them. It shouldn't be that, oh, I'll build something which will solve your problem. The conversation should start with what is the problem that you're trying to solve for? Or what is the need that you face as of now and then work towards a solution from there. The solution might not be tech enabled at all. It might be just a change in the process or the way the small business owner might be doing things. So eventually the website or the app shouldn't be the end. You should just focus on solving a problem for it. Technology might just be like a coincidental thing to that solution. So interesting. And it just struck me while you were saying more and more companies also, no one works in a silo anymore. Even if you're from the tech world or mobile development, you will invariably work with product teams, with sales teams, with other teams that are cross functional. And I'm sure you know, a lot of our interviewing processes also are evolving for this. A lot of our interviews are cross functional now. So the need to step out of your own comfort zone and be able to simply communicate with someone that's not from your field I think is increasingly important. Simplicity is exactly I mean, I ended up interviewing all the developers who come as candidates and the conversations which show that developers have a product thinking and they have that approach, they are the ones who eventually do make it so very important only by talking to the customer. Zachi absolutely. This is an sort of important one, I think. Let's see how many of you have your resumes already? Sort of redundant question but still, let's see here. Okay, good. How many would appreciate some tips on this? Okay, some of you wouldn't. Great resumes. Arjun, you would have seen one or two resumes in your career. You've seen so many resumes. Tell us a little bit about how should we and this is actually good for me also to know from you. But even as a fresher, what should you showcase on your resume? How do you make your resume stand out? It's a fact, by the way. We know that reviewers and the review resumes, they on average look at it for 6 seconds before they make a decision. How do you make your resume stand out and survive the 6 seconds? I love that statistics, I'm going to use it now. But the thing is that we sort of have built an AIdriven data, science driven tech that can read a resume and read a job description. The difference is reading. So you're using natural language processing algorithms. And to build training, you have a student and teacher sort of model. We do process of manual labeling also so you can classify properly. And one of the things that we use as markers, we have five definitive markers, which is demographic information, which could be age correlating to experience location, industry correlating to company skills, which is a broad term for a competency, a discipline, a principle, a methodology, a plan and output of function and ability, a trait. Right. You have courses and certifications, which is another marker. And you have occupation, which is a title. Right? Now you don't have any of that at this point when you're getting out of college, but experiential learning. So how do you demonstrate experiential learning? And this goes back to the conversation that we were just having, saying that can you develop as you're going through this process, anything that you can put your learning to practice with? And that practice has to translate into your resume because that practice is so important and it will stand out when we sort of analyze and pick up what's important. Otherwise everyone else it's going to be cookie cutter. Right? Just think about it. We're all going to look at the same resume and say this is a different name, a phone number and email address. And you're at the same university, probably have the same grades. So what's different? I can't hire all of you. So how do you stand out now, stuff that you've done in terms of micro credentials and we're developing technology that, yes, we're going to go out and look at a LinkedIn asset. We're going to go out and look at Git and how you have your Git comments. How have you represented yourself there? How clean are you in that world? It's going to be defining for you because a lot of other people are very good at it or suck at it. Right now you need to translate how you're in that world, in stack, overflow, be hands, whatever the ecosystem, that you can develop a micro credential and translate as more value. So that you're saying that I'm a good designer, I'm great at DevOps or infrastructure. Right. I'm a good security guy. Right. And these are much needed skills. But don't do it again for just for the sake of, yeah, this is a job in demand, so I'm going to go out and do that. But more importantly, that I like doing what I'm doing. I'm really good at it. And I've developed this Credential, but it's not represented in that Word document that I have. I haven't even bothered putting it into my LinkedIn profile, but I have it here. How do I pull that out? So I think that's really about representation. Can you pull out enough information that allows people like us to consume better so that the hiring process. At the get go. Remember, the top of the funnel is that resume. And we have to go that go through that then to drive cross functional interviews. So that for a sales engineering position that we were talking about, my product head will interview. My data science lead will interview. I can give you this other example since we were talking about it. My CTO, my Chief Technology Officer, one of the finest minds I've met, I didn't get funding for a long time because he was a BAE BA on us in literature. He has no tech degree. All his intelligence comes from learning. He spends 2 hours a day reading coursera, Udacity, nano degrees, all of the stuff. He'll go through it. He's like a speed reader and he spends 2 hours a day gaming. Right? So fundamentally, if you're not a gamer, just don't start gaming because that will make this cool. I'm sure most of them are gamers. Yeah, but see, the thing is, this is representation, right? And I backed him because I've been in many situations where, like I said, we didn't get funding for a long time. Today we're funded by Kalari and Venturi Gray a guys, my CTO is a BA, honester. How am I going to get past that? But he's fantastic. My head of Data Science joined us as a fresher by head of Data Science. Perspective is really important in this case. You need to lend that perspective through micro credentials that you've created in your life so far to develop, saying the intent is there, the authenticity is there. I can do this. He didn't join us as a data scientist, I can guarantee you that. But he's developed so well that I put him through development plans, enforced a lot of learning that has improved his coaching for leadership that has developed him. Then he still got tons of improvement to go there. But that's investment that we'll make as a company, right? Oh, thank you for that. I'm amazed I started with just a resume, but this definitely is very multifaceted. No, it means that our employment I don't call it a resume, but our employment history should be so multifaceted. That's good to know, and thank you for the examples also. Really help. Superb. We are just at ten minutes. Oh, there he is. Far away. So maybe I can sneak one question in so very quickly. I throw it out to all of you. If you had to go back to this time when you were in college and when you hadn't had job experience yet, when you had to go back to there, is there anything you would do differently? One thing very quickly from each of you that you would do differently or you wish would have been different. Anything? I think I would make it less academic because at least I graduated over ten years back. And at that time it was mostly the Khalikurm was maybe old. And then the kind of teaching which was prevalent was more classroom type. So I would rather have more experiential learning rather than just sticking to the classroom and following some curriculum which was created maybe another 25 years back, plus one to that. I would do the same. I would do the same. I think very clearly, experiential learning is definitely emerging as the trend of the day created a list of things that I wanted to learn, so I would create my own curriculum. I've had the privilege of learning from some of the best professors around, but yet, if I were asked would I go back and do that, my answer would be no, because there are so many things to learn. So one of the things is, for example, I was just thinking, and as arjun said, that it struck me back, that is one of the first things I want to learn because there's so much to read, so much. What's the most important skill? Speed reading. I just need to know speed reading, because speed reading is and it's a learnable skill, by the way, you can't read faster than 200 words, 240 words, because you are reading only at the pace of which you speak. So I don't want to get into that. But if you do speed reading, you can devour five times more than what you can at the current speed. Okay, that's one thing. How do I build my intuition? That's very important to me. How do I build a sense of humor? These are all learnable things, by the way. How do you build execution? Sometimes, because we're young people, we just think it's about working hard, and you're working 20 hours, and then we become like headless chickens. You just do so many things, but you realize that, hey, how do the best people execute? There's a very different thing. They have different techniques for this. These are all learnable. So I have created my own curriculum. So what I would do is what I would love to do is just for all of you to go back and say, what are the things? What would be the ideal world? What would be my dream world? I know. What are all the things? I would love to know. Just create that and then say, who are the best in the world on this? And then I'm sure you'll find a way. They might have written a book. They might have put up a video. They might have done something and just go and pick that up and read it and learn that. And that's what I would have done if I were your age. I still do that today, by the way. I still don't know what I would change. I wouldn't know because you're already a CEO. So now it doesn't matter, not really. I wasn't in college, so I never used to attend class, and maybe that's what I'll change. Maybe I'll just go go to class and maybe study some stuff. And really, I feel like we should have ordered this. Maybe I'll do that. Sorry I'm setting the really bad example, but that's really what I'll do because I think I missed out going in there, and I had to do a lot of that stuff outside of college. I think tools that we have today of aggregated content and learning paths are so fascinating that give you that focus to learn what you want. I think stuff like that can leverage maybe technology as part of your process of learning is something that would be different. But yeah, going to college would be the first thing he says it's important, guys. Okay with that then. I know we have six minutes. Can we see a show of hands for questions? I know there was a question here. Okay, so be ready with your mics, and we'll get to each of you. We'll start with the gentleman invite. Hello. Good morning, sir. Good evening, sir. How nicely done. And since urgency highlighted the importance of exposure so, sir, I would like to get a key factors that I should follow to select the domain that I could go on to, the next learning domain that I would shortlist. Since there are so many things to learn, how can I prioritize it? It's like the next level that you spoke off in the morning. Well, I would not overthink that. The first thing that I would do is just create a list of all the things I want to learn. That's all. Just create that list. Forget about how forget about the restrictions and limitations you have. Just put that down. That's the first thing. And then put some criteria which is relevant. Which of this is easily accessible to me right now? Which of this is cheaper for me right now? Which of it will take me only 2 hours to learn? Whatever works for you in that sense. And then I'll just start with one. Don't make it super algorithmic and make it perfect. Just start with one. And then you do that for ten days and you're like, it's not as interesting as I thought, but just don't sit idle, that's all. But as you do it, you're thinking about don't be mindless about anything that you do. That's all I'm asking. Just think through what you're doing. Say, Is this helping me? Is this, you know, where you're wanting to head? Is this taking me there in some form? I'm learning something. That's what I would do. That's where I'd start off. And I think there's also a little bit to be said about the great conversations that you can have when you've done so many different things. And it talks to the storytelling and persuasion that you have so much rich knowledge. Remember we had a question about creative thinking in the morning. How do I get creative? Sometimes it's just about drawing paddles from your experience. So go big and go wide. If I could just add one thing to that. I'm not kidding you. Maybe a few years, many, many years after I passed out of college, I had nothing to talk about. I had nothing to talk about. It's when I started getting involved in art and science and design and all kinds of things, which is so much more later in my life that I finally had something to talk about. And if you will start that right now, it just makes you more wholesome as an individual. So much more. So thank you. Yes, sir. There might be a similar answer, but the question is, as you mentioned, the art of knowing where to stop. So my question is suppose consider a scenario that there are ten dishes in front of us and we have tasted none of them. So I may test all ten and then decide which is the best for me. As you mentioned, you need to choose the best for yourself. Now, in today's world, there are millions of billions of such resources. In terms of resources, thinking in terms of resources, it means where to stop means you can always get a better one or the best one. So where to stop? Or where to start? Where to stop? Yeah, where to stop? Exploring means exploring. Life is all about learning. But you can't ever be hungry stop. Some stop when you have only 4 hours left and you have to sleep. Stop, then get some sleep. I would say best is very subjective. Anything which is good enough for you, you should stop there my example, my similar analogy to that is say looking for some good t shirts on ecommerce website. They can just keep going on and on. But you stop somewhere whenever you feel that you've just found the right one for you. Because again, that might not be the best, because best, as I said, objective. So you just stop whenever you feel you've found something which is just the right one for you. Yeah, it was a very good answer. Exactly. So it depends on your resources, right? So how much can you sort of consume? One thing is that you can't stop learning, right? You have to continue that process and taking the learning that you're going through a learning path, say, going through a course. How will you sort of translate it to an experiment? One of the things I learned from my CTO is that he's very good at taking stuff and experimenting, doing it and having an outcome more than just saying this is in theory and this is what this research paper said and that research paper said, but do it and sort of use models, figure it out. That sort of makes you stop at this level and start at this level and then you'll stop and go back here. So there's only so much you can do here, right, that has a capacity to and you start zoning in to a particular place or area. Now, when you shift gears and go to another area, there's only so much you can do there. That is a byproduct. It'll come to man. You won't be consumed by it because you're doing something in pieces and you'll do it well by paralleling it with experimenting and learning and experimenting. Just don't do the learning piece and continue learning there and then that's it. Because if you're not going to translate it, then your learning is never going to realize its material effect. That's really important. So I've been told we have time for two more questions, but our guests will be here for the evening, so you can always ask them. Okay, shall we just go with the mics? Yeah. My question is to answer. I wanted to know how you could deal with imposter syndrome. So the feeling of what? Sorry? Imposter syndrome. Okay. Did I explain what that is? Just explain what you mean by that. Okay, sorry. Just go for it. So the feeling of, like, even if you've got something good that you don't deserve it, or just the feeling of not being good enough for something, I have always felt that. And let me tell you, I had the privilege of studying in one of the best universities in the world. Even then I felt the same thing. Because you come out of that, you think you are too cool for school, everybody's like they've not felt. And then what do you do? You take a really good job, right? And then when you take that job, what happens? Oh, there are 50 other people who just study like you. And then again, you will always feel that. So I think what is important is not for you to compete with the others. That's when you start having this thing. You've got to be the best version of yourself. What is it that I want to do? And am I doing that? Am I focusing on that direction? Because when you know what you want to do, and you might not know that at 20, there are some people who are privileged to know that at 20 they've just hit their calling and they're on it. But some find that out at 40 and tough luck. I found that out very late in life. So when you know what is it that you want to do and then you're on that track and you want to be the best version of that, you'll be okay. You're not okay, but you don't know what you want. So then you think you want what she wants, you think what you want what he wants, and that's when the struggle and the turmoil begins. I would add one thing. I think when we look for external validation, when we get too fixated on external validation, I think that is when impostors syndrome kicks in more strongly. So I didn't stop looking for that. Just assume that you're good enough and you do not want ten other people to say that you're good to feel great. Absolutely. Last question for the day is yours. So Hansen Sir was talking about coming out of the comfort zone and working according to our interests and Sicaman was talking about iterative process where we are courageous and we keep learning new things. We jump from one field to other field during our career. But will there be a situation where we are frustrated of working continuously without any gap? Our interest keeps changing and we are always out of the comfort zone, we are always falling off the cliff and then hanging onto a branch again, continuing the journey from there. Wouldn't it be frustrating doing that continuously? Like a burnout, you mean? Yeah. 42.5% of corporate India or the world, I don't know, is clinically depressed, by the way. That's a serious fact. It's a serious fact and we don't have enough support to understand what that means. And it happens to us in our day to day lives where we just don't know how to deal with it. So, yeah, it is frustrating and that's why I brought this point about. It's cool to look at. I'll give you a parallel Sharukhan and Tom Cruise and say, I want to be an actor, but the grueling path to be that actor is just killing, right? But you can be that actor, you can be that startup, which is the flip card of the world, the immobile of the world, and be that unicorn. But the truth is that they are the outliers. Just look at the statistics. They are the outliers. But all of us, I am a startup entrepreneur, want to be that unicorn. So going through that grueling path, but the sensible guys know what the stop is, right? You're knowing how to pace yourselves and that's a choice that you make. That choice can be the death of you if you don't know how to deal with it. So you need to know all these sort of parts, visualize these parts, pivots changes, these things that you can't even imagine, encountering encounter them visually. Go through that process and you'll be a little more equipped to deal with it. And yes, I have seen people burn out in front of me. I have seen colleagues of mine be diagnosed clinically depressed and they've come out of it and they're functioning beautifully now and we didn't give up on them. That part is really important. So when you're going through that journey and you're pivoting and it's frustrating and you're sort of dipping, I've been there, it's not wrong, it's real. That's the real world. Nobody signed up to the world saying, it's going to be a great place, right? It's going to be this and you got to make it great. You've got to put all your heart and mind into it and figure out what you're calling is. And that's going to take dips in that journey. So that's the truth. So I burnt out in my life. This is, I think about I think a decade ago or something, I burnt out, completely burnt out. And I burnt out when a career was zooming like this. I was getting promotions before I asked for it. That happens very zooming like that, and I burnt out. The reason that we burn out is because everything that you're doing well and you're not supposed to be necessarily doing, when you know what is it that you're really needing to do? What is it that you're really called to do? You're suddenly in that place where you're cruising, and when you're not, even if you're doing well, you can feel ajar inside of you, something's jarring inside of you, and that's when the burnout happens. So even today, you can find out what you're strong at. You've heard of StrengthsFinder by Gallup, and that will at least give you direction. It might not be completely accurate, but at least it tells you here what are some of the strengths that you are really good at, and that doesn't change too much over time. So then find things that you will do where you're naturally strong at anyways. Then the jarring reduces, frustration reduces. All of these things start to reduce. Some people start figuring that out when they're 40. I burnt out. Now I want to figure out, by the way, burnout was the best thing that happened to me, because that's when I really woke up and decided what I really want to do, which is the most beautiful thing that could have happened. But you don't have to go through the burnout for that. You can do some of those things to find out what you're good at when you are 20, and then the chances of this frustrations are much lesser. All right, and take that holiday. You will keep postponing. Absolutely. Plan your next holiday when you go to this holiday anyway. That's all the time we have. We know you have questions, but our panel will be around for a while. What an amazing conversation that was. What an amazing panel. Thank you so much for your time.